[DOCS-13295] (Containers) Update for the maximumGoroutines setting in the Datadog Operator (#34687)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/containers/troubleshooting/cluster-agent.md

      Service Checks: 3, Total Service Checks: 2193
[...]
```
## Datadog Operator

The Datadog Operator may fail its health checks in some deployments. If this happens, the debug logs display a message similar to the following error: 

```text
{
  "level": "DEBUG",
  "ts": "<date and time>",
  "logger": "controller-runtime.<name>",
  "msg": "<name> check failed",
  "checker": "goroutines-number",
  "error": "too many goroutines: 443 > limit: 400"
}
```

> When this occurs, increasing the `maximumGoroutines` setting in the Operator’s `values.yaml` file can resolve the issue. In this example, `maximumGoroutines: 600` would solve the issue. 

Reviewer: `````suggestion
To resolve this, increase the `maximumGoroutines` setting in the Operator's `datadog-values.yaml` file to a value above the reported goroutine count:
```yaml
maximumGoroutines: 600
```
`````
